DOCS-6735 ACM: Dec 7 release (#122)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/control-panel.adoc

= Enable API Community Manager Control Panel
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> The API Community Manager control panel is the interface your community administrators and operators use to operate your communities. It is available in the *App Launcher* page, where it is the first icon displayed in the main navigation bar. To ensure that it is available for admin users:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API Community Manager control panel is the interface your community administrators and operators use to operate your communities. It is available in the *App Launcher* page, where it is the first icon displayed in the main navigation bar. To ensure that the control panel is available for admin users:
```

. In *Setup*, search for *App Manager* using the *Quick Find* box and click *App Manager*.

> . Locate the *API Community Manager* item, and in the menu on the right end of the row, click *Edit*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Locate *API Community Manager* and, in the menu on the right end of the row, click *Edit*.
```

Reviewer: Would it help to have one or more screen captures in this task?

Author: Good point-- I will make a note to review this page for possible screenshots next week.

> . Click *Navigation Items* on the left panel, highlight the *ACM Administrator* item under the *Available Items* box, and use the arrow buttons to move it to the *Selected Items* box. Click *Save*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Navigation Items* in the left panel, highlight *ACM Administrator* under the *Available Items* box, and use the arrow buttons to move it to the *Selected Items* box. 
. Click *Save*.
```
Also, by "highlight" do we mean "select"?

Author: Yes, "highlight" here should be "select". I'll fix that.

. Click *Back* at the top right.
. Log out and log back in to your Salesforce organization.

> . Open the *App Launcher* and click *API Community Manager*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open *App Launcher* and click *API Community Manager*.
```

. Verify that the API Community Manager control panel is displayed correctly by navigating to *Application Launcher* > *ACM Administrator*.
+

> If you see a message that you have not created a community, then the actions in this step were performed correctly.

Reviewer: the actions in this step = the steps in this task?

Author: Yes, that is better. Fixed.
